RESEARCH.md, before:

# Databases and plant science
- [Functional-structural plant modelling: a new versatile tool in crop science](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19995824/)
- [Notes on measurement and scale design](https://www.cesarzamudio.com/uploads/1/7/9/1/17916581/zamudio_-_notes_on_measurement_and_scale_design.pdf)
- [Computational botany: advancing plant science through functional - structural plant modelling](https://academic.oup.com/aob/article/121/5/767/4975927)
- [Crop ecological requirements database (ECOCROP)](http://www.fao.org/land-water/land/land-governance/land-resources-planning-toolbox/category/details/en/c/1027491/)
- [AquaCrop publications](http://www.fao.org/aquacrop/resources/publications/en/)
- [The arabidopsis information resource (TAIR)](https://www.arabidopsis.org/)
- [The role of arabidopsis in plant science research](https://www.nsf.gov/bio/pubs/reports/arabid/chap1.htm)
- [Plant Sampling Guidelines](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Paul-Hepperly/post/Measurement_of_nutrient_uptake_by_plants/attachment/5bec2829cfe4a76455021778/AS%3A692865571254286%401542203433741/download/Plant+Sampling+Protocols.pdf)

# Planting tips
- [A gardener's guide to sun exposure](https://southernlivingplants.com/planting-care/a-gardeners-guide-to-sun-exposure/)
- [Crop nutrient replacement: calculator for fertiliser requirements](https://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/horticulture/tropical/fertilising/replacement)
- [Cover crop spec guide](https://www.nrcs.usda.gov/Internet/FSE_DOCUMENTS/stelprdb1081555.pdf)
- [Growth habits and trellis requirements of climbing palms in north-eastern queensland](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/240509382_Growth_Habits_and_Trellis_Requirements_of_Climbing_Palms_Calamus_spp_in_North-Eastern_Queensland)
- [SECTION 600.TABLE B STANDARD WEIGHT PER BUSHEL FOR AGRICULTURAL COMMODITIES](https://www.ilga.gov/commission/jcar/admincode/008/00800600zz9998br.html)

# Companion planting
- [12 examples of companion planting](https://simplicable.com/new/companion-planting)
- [Fertilizer tree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fertilizer_tree)
- [What is companion planting?](https://www.thespruce.com/companion-planting-with-chart-5025124)
- [The ultimate companion planting guide + chart](https://waldenlabs.com/the-ultimate-companion-planting-guide-chart/)
- [Use of a systematic planting design to investigate the effects of companion crop population density on yield and forage establishment and productivity](https://cdnsciencepub.com/doi/10.4141/cjps90-105)
- [The Interworking of the Three Sisters](https://www.oneidaindiannation.com/the-interworking-of-the-three-sisters/)

# Plant studies
## Corn
- [Carbon and nitrogen cycling with corn biomass harvest](https://crops.extension.iastate.edu/encyclopedia/carbon-and-nitrogen-cycling-corn-biomass-harvest)
- [Nutrient sufficiency concepts for modern corn hybrids: impact of management practices and yield levels](https://ag.purdue.edu/agry/directory/Documents/CM-RS-13-0022_Final%20Version_4-11-2014.pdf)
- [Fertilization influence on biomass yield and nutrient uptake of sweet corn in potentially hardsetting soil under no tillage](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1186/s42269-021-00526-w)
- [Understanding nutrient requirements for high-yielding corn](https://blog.agricen.com/understanding-nutrient-requirements-for-high-corn-yield-what-does-it-mean-for-p-and-k)
- [Modern corn hybrids' nutrient uptake patterns](http://www.ipni.net/publication/bettercrops.nsf/0/926946F50406A54085257B18005BB7AA/%24FILE/page%207.pdf)
- [Corn Growth Stages](https://crops.extension.iastate.edu/encyclopedia/corn-growth-stages)
- [VT Corn Growth Stages and Scouting Tips](https://www.pioneer.com/us/agronomy/corn-vt.html)
- [Corn growth stages with estimated calendar days and growing-degree units](https://mygeohub.org/resources/879/download/Corn-growth-stage-day-and-GDU-calendar10.pdf)

## Gourds
- [Corn Stover Removal Effects On Soil Aggregation and Squash Fruit Yield in Cover Cropping Systems](https://scisoc.confex.com/scisoc/2013am/webprogram/Handout/Paper80042/Lance%20Ouellette_Poster_Presentation.pdf)
- [Squash yield, nutrient content and soil fertility parameters in response to methods of fertilizer application and rates of nitrogen fertigation](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1023/B:FRES.0000019036.64212.9c)
- [Pumpkins and Other Cultivars of Genus Cucurbita](https://www.thehenryford.org/explore/blog/pumpkins-and-other-cultivars-of-genus-cucurbita)

## Carrot
- [Carrot Nitrogen Uptake and Partitioning](http://geisseler.ucdavis.edu/Guidelines/N_Carrot.html)
- [Seasonal nutrient partitioning and uptake in hybrid carrot seed production](https://acsess.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/agj2.20503)

## Potato
- [Crop Guide: Potato Nutritional Requirements](https://www.haifa-group.com/crop-guide/field-crops/crop-guide-potato/nutrients-growing-potatoes)
- [Nutritional requirements of potatoes](https://eprints.nwisrl.ars.usda.gov/id/eprint/36/1/1186.pdf)

## Spinach
- [Nutrient uptake and growth of spinach as affected by cow manure co-composted with poplar leaf litter](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s40093-017-0154-x)
- [Nutrient and Water Use of Fresh Market Spinach](https://journals.ashs.org/horttech/view/journals/horttech/23/3/article-p325.xml)

## Tomato
- [Differential nutrient uptake and its transport in tomato plants on different fertilizer regimens](https://journals.ashs.org/hortsci/view/journals/hortsci/46/8/article-p1170.xml)
- [Nutrient uptake by tomatoes grown in hydroponics](https://www.ishs.org/ishs-article/401_42)
- [Evaluation of the nutrients uptake by tomato plants in different phenological stages using an electrical conductivity technique](https://www.mdpi.com/2077-0472/11/4/292/htm)

# Nutrient cycle
- [Understanding Soil Microbes and Nutrient Recycling](https://ohioline.osu.edu/factsheet/sag-16)
- [Autophagy, plant senescence, and nutrient recycling](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24687977/)
- [Plant nutrients in the soil](https://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/soils/soil-testing-and-analysis/plant-nutrients)
- [Indirect Measures of Plant Nutrients](https://nue.okstate.edu/indirect_measures_of_plant_nutri.htm)

## Nutrient uptake
- [Nutrient uptake and assimilation](https://ww2.odu.edu/~jrule/Biol695/pdf/3.pdf)
- [The Mineral Nutrition of Wild Plants Revisited: A Re-evaluation of Processes and Patterns](https://www.cgd.ucar.edu/events/20130729/files/Aerts-Chapin-1999.pdf)
- [Roots, growth and nutrient uptake](https://www.agry.purdue.edu/ext/pubs/AGRY-95-08.pdf)
- [Growth, yield and nutrient uptake of taro grown under upland conditions](https://www.ars.usda.gov/ARSUserFiles/60900500/images/Selected%20Reprints/Taro.pdf)
- [Nutrition & Lighting Requirements of Lettuce](https://www.purdue.edu/hla/sites/cea/wp-content/uploads/sites/15/2017/04/Nutrition-and-Light-Requirement-of-Lettuce.pdf)
- [Measurement of nutrient uptake by plants?](https://www.researchgate.net/post/Measurement_of_nutrient_uptake_by_plants)
- [Analyzing plant nutrient uptake and utilization efficiencies: comparison between crops and approaches](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11104-018-3738-y)
- [Nutrient use and uptake in Pinus taeda](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18450573/)

## Immobilization
- [Nutrient uptake and immobilization in a short-rotation coppice stand of hybrid poplars in north-west France](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0378112799001450)

## Mineralization
- [Genotypic variation in maize (Zea mays) influences rates of soilorganic matter mineralization and gross nitrification](https://nph.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1111/nph.17537)

## Leaching
- [Nutrient Leaching](http://www.css.cornell.edu/faculty/lehmann/publ/Lehmann%20et%20al.,%202003,%20Leaching%20CABI%20book.pdf)
- [Soil net nitrogen mineralization and leaching under Miscanthus × giganteus and Zea mays](https://experts.illinois.edu/en/publications/soil-net-nitrogen-mineralization-and-leaching-under-miscanthusgig)
- [Nitrogen in the Environment: Leaching](https://extension.missouri.edu/publications/wq262)

## Organic nutrient production
- [Evaluation of an Organic Nitrogen Source in a Yellow Squash- Collard Rotation](https://journals.ashs.org/hortsci/view/journals/hortsci/50/1/article-p51.xml)

# Tech stack
- [GeographicLib](https://www.npmjs.com/package/geographiclib)
- [Turf.js](https://turfjs.org/)
- [Neo4j spatial functions](https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/functions/spatial/)
- [GraphQL queries](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/)
- [npmlog](https://github.com/npm/npmlog)

Commit message:

Evaluated some code and added squash research

RESEARCH.md, after:

# Databases and plant science
- [Functional-structural plant modelling: a new versatile tool in crop science](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19995824/)
- [Notes on measurement and scale design](https://www.cesarzamudio.com/uploads/1/7/9/1/17916581/zamudio_-_notes_on_measurement_and_scale_design.pdf)
- [Computational botany: advancing plant science through functional - structural plant modelling](https://academic.oup.com/aob/article/121/5/767/4975927)
- [Crop ecological requirements database (ECOCROP)](http://www.fao.org/land-water/land/land-governance/land-resources-planning-toolbox/category/details/en/c/1027491/)
- [AquaCrop publications](http://www.fao.org/aquacrop/resources/publications/en/)
- [The arabidopsis information resource (TAIR)](https://www.arabidopsis.org/)
- [The role of arabidopsis in plant science research](https://www.nsf.gov/bio/pubs/reports/arabid/chap1.htm)
- [Plant Sampling Guidelines](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Paul-Hepperly/post/Measurement_of_nutrient_uptake_by_plants/attachment/5bec2829cfe4a76455021778/AS%3A692865571254286%401542203433741/download/Plant+Sampling+Protocols.pdf)

# Planting tips
- [A gardener's guide to sun exposure](https://southernlivingplants.com/planting-care/a-gardeners-guide-to-sun-exposure/)
- [Crop nutrient replacement: calculator for fertiliser requirements](https://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/horticulture/tropical/fertilising/replacement)
- [Cover crop spec guide](https://www.nrcs.usda.gov/Internet/FSE_DOCUMENTS/stelprdb1081555.pdf)
- [Growth habits and trellis requirements of climbing palms in north-eastern queensland](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/240509382_Growth_Habits_and_Trellis_Requirements_of_Climbing_Palms_Calamus_spp_in_North-Eastern_Queensland)
- [SECTION 600.TABLE B STANDARD WEIGHT PER BUSHEL FOR AGRICULTURAL COMMODITIES](https://www.ilga.gov/commission/jcar/admincode/008/00800600zz9998br.html)

# Companion planting
- [12 examples of companion planting](https://simplicable.com/new/companion-planting)
- [Fertilizer tree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fertilizer_tree)
- [What is companion planting?](https://www.thespruce.com/companion-planting-with-chart-5025124)
- [The ultimate companion planting guide + chart](https://waldenlabs.com/the-ultimate-companion-planting-guide-chart/)
- [Use of a systematic planting design to investigate the effects of companion crop population density on yield and forage establishment and productivity](https://cdnsciencepub.com/doi/10.4141/cjps90-105)
- [The Interworking of the Three Sisters](https://www.oneidaindiannation.com/the-interworking-of-the-three-sisters/)

# Plant studies
## Corn
- [Carbon and nitrogen cycling with corn biomass harvest](https://crops.extension.iastate.edu/encyclopedia/carbon-and-nitrogen-cycling-corn-biomass-harvest)
- [Nutrient sufficiency concepts for modern corn hybrids: impact of management practices and yield levels](https://ag.purdue.edu/agry/directory/Documents/CM-RS-13-0022_Final%20Version_4-11-2014.pdf)
- [Fertilization influence on biomass yield and nutrient uptake of sweet corn in potentially hardsetting soil under no tillage](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1186/s42269-021-00526-w)
- [Understanding nutrient requirements for high-yielding corn](https://blog.agricen.com/understanding-nutrient-requirements-for-high-corn-yield-what-does-it-mean-for-p-and-k)
- [Modern corn hybrids' nutrient uptake patterns](http://www.ipni.net/publication/bettercrops.nsf/0/926946F50406A54085257B18005BB7AA/%24FILE/page%207.pdf)
- [Corn Growth Stages](https://crops.extension.iastate.edu/encyclopedia/corn-growth-stages)
- [VT Corn Growth Stages and Scouting Tips](https://www.pioneer.com/us/agronomy/corn-vt.html)
- [Corn growth stages with estimated calendar days and growing-degree units](https://mygeohub.org/resources/879/download/Corn-growth-stage-day-and-GDU-calendar10.pdf)

## Gourds
- [Corn Stover Removal Effects On Soil Aggregation and Squash Fruit Yield in Cover Cropping Systems](https://scisoc.confex.com/scisoc/2013am/webprogram/Handout/Paper80042/Lance%20Ouellette_Poster_Presentation.pdf)
- [Squash yield, nutrient content and soil fertility parameters in response to methods of fertilizer application and rates of nitrogen fertigation](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1023/B:FRES.0000019036.64212.9c)
- [Pumpkins and Other Cultivars of Genus Cucurbita](https://www.thehenryford.org/explore/blog/pumpkins-and-other-cultivars-of-genus-cucurbita)
- [Yield, water requirement, nutrient uptake and fruit quality of zucchini squash grown in soil and closed soilless culture](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/298728928_Yield_water_requirement_nutrient_uptake_and_fruit_quality_of_zucchini_squash_grown_in_soil_and_closed_soilless_culture)
- [Nitrogen and water use efficiency of zucchini squash for a plastic mulch bed system on a sandy soil](https://abe.ufl.edu/Faculty/carpena/files/pdf/publications/refereed_articles/NitrogenAndWaterUseEfficiency.pdf)
- [Nutrient uptake and partitioning by Zucchini squash [Cucurbita pepo], head lettuce and potato in response to nitrogen](https://agris.fao.org/agris-search/search.do?recordID=AU19960004025)
- [Phytochemical profiles and nutritional composition of squash (Cucurbita moschata D.) from Tunisia](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/338503099_Phytochemical_profiles_and_nutritional_composition_of_squash_Cucurbita_moschata_D_from_Tunisia)
- [EFFECT OF DIFFERENT FERTILIZERS ON THE MINERAL CONTENT OF PUMPKIN FRUIT](https://bibliotekanauki.pl/api/full-texts/2020/12/9/ccbd9a8b-62bb-47e4-bd6b-55726008938a.pdf)
- [Effects of poultry manure on nutrient uptake of Cucurbita moschata (duch. ex lam.) duch. ex poir](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Effects-of-poultry-manure-on-nutrient-uptake-of-ex-Okonwu-Mensah/8487f71f1870e4c90f8ca54183d35f80ea601fd3)
- [Effects of NPK fertilizer on nutrient uptake of Cucurbita moschata (Duch. ex Lam.) Duch. ex Poir](https://www.ajol.info/index.php/sa/article/view/156874)
- [Squash (cucurbita moschata) production](https://www.nda.agric.za/docs/Brochures/PG_Squash.pdf)

## Carrot
- [Carrot Nitrogen Uptake and Partitioning](http://geisseler.ucdavis.edu/Guidelines/N_Carrot.html)
- [Seasonal nutrient partitioning and uptake in hybrid carrot seed production](https://acsess.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/agj2.20503)

## Potato
- [Crop Guide: Potato Nutritional Requirements](https://www.haifa-group.com/crop-guide/field-crops/crop-guide-potato/nutrients-growing-potatoes)
- [Nutritional requirements of potatoes](https://eprints.nwisrl.ars.usda.gov/id/eprint/36/1/1186.pdf)

## Spinach
- [Nutrient uptake and growth of spinach as affected by cow manure co-composted with poplar leaf litter](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s40093-017-0154-x)
- [Nutrient and Water Use of Fresh Market Spinach](https://journals.ashs.org/horttech/view/journals/horttech/23/3/article-p325.xml)

## Tomato
- [Differential nutrient uptake and its transport in tomato plants on different fertilizer regimens](https://journals.ashs.org/hortsci/view/journals/hortsci/46/8/article-p1170.xml)
- [Nutrient uptake by tomatoes grown in hydroponics](https://www.ishs.org/ishs-article/401_42)
- [Evaluation of the nutrients uptake by tomato plants in different phenological stages using an electrical conductivity technique](https://www.mdpi.com/2077-0472/11/4/292/htm)

# Nutrient cycle
- [Understanding Soil Microbes and Nutrient Recycling](https://ohioline.osu.edu/factsheet/sag-16)
- [Autophagy, plant senescence, and nutrient recycling](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24687977/)
- [Plant nutrients in the soil](https://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/soils/soil-testing-and-analysis/plant-nutrients)
- [Indirect Measures of Plant Nutrients](https://nue.okstate.edu/indirect_measures_of_plant_nutri.htm)

## Nutrient uptake
- [Nutrient uptake and assimilation](https://ww2.odu.edu/~jrule/Biol695/pdf/3.pdf)
- [The Mineral Nutrition of Wild Plants Revisited: A Re-evaluation of Processes and Patterns](https://www.cgd.ucar.edu/events/20130729/files/Aerts-Chapin-1999.pdf)
- [Roots, growth and nutrient uptake](https://www.agry.purdue.edu/ext/pubs/AGRY-95-08.pdf)
- [Growth, yield and nutrient uptake of taro grown under upland conditions](https://www.ars.usda.gov/ARSUserFiles/60900500/images/Selected%20Reprints/Taro.pdf)
- [Nutrition & Lighting Requirements of Lettuce](https://www.purdue.edu/hla/sites/cea/wp-content/uploads/sites/15/2017/04/Nutrition-and-Light-Requirement-of-Lettuce.pdf)
- [Measurement of nutrient uptake by plants?](https://www.researchgate.net/post/Measurement_of_nutrient_uptake_by_plants)
- [Analyzing plant nutrient uptake and utilization efficiencies: comparison between crops and approaches](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11104-018-3738-y)
- [Nutrient use and uptake in Pinus taeda](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18450573/)

## Immobilization
- [Nutrient uptake and immobilization in a short-rotation coppice stand of hybrid poplars in north-west France](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0378112799001450)

## Mineralization
- [Genotypic variation in maize (Zea mays) influences rates of soilorganic matter mineralization and gross nitrification](https://nph.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1111/nph.17537)

## Leaching
- [Nutrient Leaching](http://www.css.cornell.edu/faculty/lehmann/publ/Lehmann%20et%20al.,%202003,%20Leaching%20CABI%20book.pdf)
- [Soil net nitrogen mineralization and leaching under Miscanthus × giganteus and Zea mays](https://experts.illinois.edu/en/publications/soil-net-nitrogen-mineralization-and-leaching-under-miscanthusgig)
- [Nitrogen in the Environment: Leaching](https://extension.missouri.edu/publications/wq262)

## Organic nutrient production
- [Evaluation of an Organic Nitrogen Source in a Yellow Squash- Collard Rotation](https://journals.ashs.org/hortsci/view/journals/hortsci/50/1/article-p51.xml)

# Tech stack
- [GeographicLib](https://www.npmjs.com/package/geographiclib)
- [Turf.js](https://turfjs.org/)
- [Neo4j spatial functions](https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/functions/spatial/)
- [GraphQL queries](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/)
- [npmlog](https://github.com/npm/npmlog)
