journal/RESEARCH.md, before:

# Databases and plant science
- [Functional-structural plant modelling: a new versatile tool in crop science](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19995824/)
- [Notes on measurement and scale design](https://www.cesarzamudio.com/uploads/1/7/9/1/17916581/zamudio_-_notes_on_measurement_and_scale_design.pdf)
- [Computational botany: advancing plant science through functional - structural plant modelling](https://academic.oup.com/aob/article/121/5/767/4975927)
- [Crop ecological requirements database (ECOCROP)](http://www.fao.org/land-water/land/land-governance/land-resources-planning-toolbox/category/details/en/c/1027491/)
- [AquaCrop publications](http://www.fao.org/aquacrop/resources/publications/en/)
- [The arabidopsis information resource (TAIR)](https://www.arabidopsis.org/)
- [The role of arabidopsis in plant science research](https://www.nsf.gov/bio/pubs/reports/arabid/chap1.htm)
- [Plant Sampling Guidelines](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Paul-Hepperly/post/Measurement_of_nutrient_uptake_by_plants/attachment/5bec2829cfe4a76455021778/AS%3A692865571254286%401542203433741/download/Plant+Sampling+Protocols.pdf)
- [Soil pH for Field Crops](http://cceonondaga.org/resources/soil-ph-for-field-crops) (Ketterings et al., 2005)
- [Analyzing plant nutrient uptake and utilization efficiencies: comparison between crops and approaches](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11104-018-3738-y)
- [NUOnet (Nutrient Use and Outcome Network) database](https://data.nal.usda.gov/dataset/nuonet-nutrient-use-and-outcome-network-database)
- [International Plant Name Index](https://www.ipni.org/)
- [Plants For A Future](https://pfaf.org/user/Default.aspx)
- [NPK nutrient uptake database](https://plantsorig.sc.egov.usda.gov/npk/main)
- [General USDA plants database](https://plants.sc.egov.usda.gov/home)
- [KEGG Metabolic Pathways Database](https://www.kegg.jp/kegg/pathway.html)
- [Plant Metabolic Pathways Databases](https://plantcyc.org)
- [Integrated Taxonomic Information System - Zea Mays](https://www.itis.gov/servlet/SingleRpt/SingleRpt?search_topic=TSN&search_value=42269#null)
- [The Plant List - All Families](http://theplantlist.org/browse/-/)

# Morphology and Growth Habit
- [Evolution of the plant body plan](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30612613/)
- [Multiple origins of the determinate growth habit in domesticated common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris)](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3503494/)
- [USDA Plants Database - Growth Habit Search](https://plants.sc.egov.usda.gov/home/growthHabitSearch)
- [Growth Habits Codes and Definitions (USDA)](https://plantsorig.sc.egov.usda.gov/growth_habits_def.html)
- [Habit Growth Form List (Australian Government)](https://www.anbg.gov.au/cpbr/herbarium/collecting/habit-types.html)

# Plant Pathology
- [Plant Disease Basics and Diagnosis](https://extension.psu.edu/plant-disease-basics-and-diagnosis)

# Nutrients and Metabolic Pathways
- [Analysis of metabolites and metabolic pathways in three maize (Zea mays L.) varieties from the same origin using GC–MS](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-020-73041-z)
- [Molecular Mechanisms of Phosphorus Metabolism and Transport during Leaf Senescence](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4844268/)
- [CornCyc 9.0 at MaizeGDB](https://corncyc-b73-v4.maizegdb.org/)
- [Coordinated Transport of Nitrate, Potassium, and Sodium](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpls.2020.00247/full)
- [Plant B vitamin pathways and their compartmentation: a guide for the perplexed](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22915736/)

# Planting tips
- [A gardener's guide to sun exposure](https://southernlivingplants.com/planting-care/a-gardeners-guide-to-sun-exposure/)
- [Crop nutrient replacement: calculator for fertiliser requirements](https://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/horticulture/tropical/fertilising/replacement)
- [Cover crop spec guide](https://www.nrcs.usda.gov/Internet/FSE_DOCUMENTS/stelprdb1081555.pdf)
- [Growth habits and trellis requirements of climbing palms in north-eastern queensland](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/240509382_Growth_Habits_and_Trellis_Requirements_of_Climbing_Palms_Calamus_spp_in_North-Eastern_Queensland)
- [SECTION 600.TABLE B STANDARD WEIGHT PER BUSHEL FOR AGRICULTURAL COMMODITIES](https://www.ilga.gov/commission/jcar/admincode/008/00800600zz9998br.html)
- [Vegetable Crop Soil pH Tolerances](https://harvesttotable.com/vegetable-crop-soil-ph-tolerances/) (Steve Albert, 2015)
- [Sunlight requirements for growing vegetables](https://www.farmanddairy.com/top-stories/sunlight-requirements-for-growing-vegetables/250815.html)
- [Ruth Stout Method](https://www.goveganic.net/article182.html)
- [Masanobu Fukuoka](https://f-masanobu.jp/en/)
- [Plant Life Cycles](https://extension.psu.edu/plant-life-cycles)

# Companion planting
- [12 examples of companion planting](https://simplicable.com/new/companion-planting)
- [Fertilizer tree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fertilizer_tree)
- [What is companion planting?](https://www.thespruce.com/companion-planting-with-chart-5025124)
- [The ultimate companion planting guide + chart](https://waldenlabs.com/the-ultimate-companion-planting-guide-chart/)
- [Use of a systematic planting design to investigate the effects of companion crop population density on yield and forage establishment and productivity](https://cdnsciencepub.com/doi/10.4141/cjps90-105)
- [The Interworking of the Three Sisters](https://www.oneidaindiannation.com/the-interworking-of-the-three-sisters/)
- [There are 7 F's in Food Forest](https://beetrooted.wordpress.com/2012/05/16/the-7-fs-of-food-forest-2/)
- [The Seven Layers Of A Forest](https://worldwidepermaculture.com/seven-layers-forest/)
- [How to Start a Food Forest – The Ultimate Low-Maintenance Garden](https://morningchores.com/food-forest/)
- [Companion Planting: Three Sisters Garden Plans](https://www.growveg.com/guides/companion-planting-three-sisters-garden-plans/)
- [Mushroom Garden](https://northspore.com/pages/mushroom-garden)
- [COMPANION PLANTING STRAWBERRIES WITH MUSHROOMS](https://practicalselfreliance.com/companion-planting-strawberries-mushrooms)
- [Six Steps to Mushroom Farming](https://www.mushroomcouncil.com/growing-mushrooms/six-steps-to-mushroom-farming/)

# Plant studies
## Corn
- [Carbon and nitrogen cycling with corn biomass harvest](https://crops.extension.iastate.edu/encyclopedia/carbon-and-nitrogen-cycling-corn-biomass-harvest)
- [Nutrient sufficiency concepts for modern corn hybrids: impact of management practices and yield levels](https://ag.purdue.edu/agry/directory/Documents/CM-RS-13-0022_Final%20Version_4-11-2014.pdf)
- [Fertilization influence on biomass yield and nutrient uptake of sweet corn in potentially hardsetting soil under no tillage](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1186/s42269-021-00526-w)
- [Understanding nutrient requirements for high-yielding corn](https://blog.agricen.com/understanding-nutrient-requirements-for-high-corn-yield-what-does-it-mean-for-p-and-k)
- [Modern corn hybrids' nutrient uptake patterns](http://www.ipni.net/publication/bettercrops.nsf/0/926946F50406A54085257B18005BB7AA/%24FILE/page%207.pdf) (Bender et al., 2013)
- [Corn Growth Stages](https://crops.extension.iastate.edu/encyclopedia/corn-growth-stages)
- [VT Corn Growth Stages and Scouting Tips](https://www.pioneer.com/us/agronomy/corn-vt.html)
- [Corn growth stages with estimated calendar days and growing-degree units](https://mygeohub.org/resources/879/download/Corn-growth-stage-day-and-GDU-calendar10.pdf)
- [Nutrient Sufficiency Concepts for Modern Corn Hybrids: Impacts of Management Practices and Yield Levels](https://ag.purdue.edu/agry/directory/Documents/CM-RS-13-0022_Final%20Version_4-11-2014.pdf) (Ciampitti and Vyn, 2014)
- [Corn Management in High pH Soils](https://www.pioneer.com/us/agronomy/high-ph-soils-management.html) (Lutt et al., 2019)
- [What pH Does Corn Need?](https://homeguides.sfgate.com/ph-corn-need-104650.html) (Shorter, 2014)
- [Maize Nutrient Accumulation and Partitioning in Response to Plant Density and Nitrogen Rate: I. Macronutrients](https://acsess.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.2134/agronj2012.0467)
- [Effects of enhanced ammonium nitrogen availability for corn](https://www.crops.org/files/publications/jnrlse/pdfs/jnr018/018-02-0093.pdf)
- [SOIL REQUIREMENTS FOR GROWING CORN](https://www.ecofarmingdaily.com/grow-crops/grow-corn/soil-requirements)
- [12 Corn Companion Plants & 4 That Should Be Nowhere Near](https://www.ruralsprout.com/corn-companion-plants/)

## Gourds
- [Corn Stover Removal Effects On Soil Aggregation and Squash Fruit Yield in Cover Cropping Systems](https://scisoc.confex.com/scisoc/2013am/webprogram/Handout/Paper80042/Lance%20Ouellette_Poster_Presentation.pdf)
- [Squash yield, nutrient content and soil fertility parameters in response to methods of fertilizer application and rates of nitrogen fertigation](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1023/B:FRES.0000019036.64212.9c)
- [Pumpkins and Other Cultivars of Genus Cucurbita](https://www.thehenryford.org/explore/blog/pumpkins-and-other-cultivars-of-genus-cucurbita)
- [Yield, water requirement, nutrient uptake and fruit quality of zucchini squash grown in soil and closed soilless culture](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/298728928_Yield_water_requirement_nutrient_uptake_and_fruit_quality_of_zucchini_squash_grown_in_soil_and_closed_soilless_culture) (Rouphael et al., 2003)
- [Nitrogen and water use efficiency of zucchini squash for a plastic mulch bed system on a sandy soil](https://abe.ufl.edu/Faculty/carpena/files/pdf/publications/refereed_articles/NitrogenAndWaterUseEfficiency.pdf)
- [Nutrient uptake and partitioning by Zucchini squash [Cucurbita pepo], head lettuce and potato in response to nitrogen](https://agris.fao.org/agris-search/search.do?recordID=AU19960004025)
- [Phytochemical profiles and nutritional composition of squash (Cucurbita moschata D.) from Tunisia](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/338503099_Phytochemical_profiles_and_nutritional_composition_of_squash_Cucurbita_moschata_D_from_Tunisia)
- [EFFECT OF DIFFERENT FERTILIZERS ON THE MINERAL CONTENT OF PUMPKIN FRUIT](https://bibliotekanauki.pl/api/full-texts/2020/12/9/ccbd9a8b-62bb-47e4-bd6b-55726008938a.pdf)
- [Effects of poultry manure on nutrient uptake of Cucurbita moschata (duch. ex lam.) duch. ex poir](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Effects-of-poultry-manure-on-nutrient-uptake-of-ex-Okonwu-Mensah/8487f71f1870e4c90f8ca54183d35f80ea601fd3) (Okonwu and Mensah, 2011)
- [Effects of NPK fertilizer on nutrient uptake of Cucurbita moschata (Duch. ex Lam.) Duch. ex Poir](https://www.ajol.info/index.php/sa/article/view/156874) (Okonwu and Mensah, 2017)
- [Squash (cucurbita moschata) production](https://www.nda.agric.za/docs/Brochures/PG_Squash.pdf) (Department of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries; 2011)
- [Growing summer squash and zucchini in home gardens](https://extension.umn.edu/vegetables/growing-summer-squash-and-zucchini-home-gardens#soil-testing-and-fertilizer-340060) (Fritz and Rosen, 2018)
- [Pumpkin Production](https://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/__data/assets/pdf_file/0004/311485/Pumpkin-production.pdf) (Napier 2009)
- [Shiba Butternut Squash](https://www.rfdsafeagri.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/Butternut-Shiba.pdf) (Starke Ayres, 2019)
- [Metabolic pathways - Cucurbita maxima (winter squash)](https://www.kegg.jp/pathway/cmax01100)
- [Nutrient evaluation of the seed, pulp, flesh, and peel of spaghetti squash](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/352830278_Nutrient_evaluation_of_the_seed_pulp_flesh_and_peel_of_spaghetti_squash)
- [Squash Companion Plants (What Not to Grow Near Squash)](https://thehometome.com/squash-companion-plants/)

## Legumes
- [Nutrient Uptake and Partitioning by Dry Beans in Manitoba](https://umanitoba.ca/faculties/afs/agronomists_conf/media/Heard_drybean_nutrient_uptake-poster.pdf) (Heard and Brolley, 2008)
- [Genetic and Molecular Mechanisms Underlying Symbiotic Specificity in Legume-Rhizobium Interactions](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpls.2018.00313/full)
- [Interaction and Regulation of Carbon, Nitrogen, and Phosphorus Metabolisms in Root Nodules of Legumes](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpls.2018.01860/full)
- [14 Companion Plants for Beans (And 3 To Avoid)](https://traditionalgardening.com/companion-plants-for-beans/)
- [Companion Plants For Peas: (Best & Worst)](https://shinyplant.com/companion-plants-for-peas/)

## Carrot
- [Carrot Nitrogen Uptake and Partitioning](http://geisseler.ucdavis.edu/Guidelines/N_Carrot.html)
- [Seasonal nutrient partitioning and uptake in hybrid carrot seed production](https://acsess.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/agj2.20503)
- [17 Companion Plants for Carrots (And 3 To Avoid)](https://traditionalgardening.com/companion-plants-for-carrots/#4_Parsley)

## Potato
- [Crop Guide: Potato Nutritional Requirements](https://www.haifa-group.com/crop-guide/field-crops/crop-guide-potato/nutrients-growing-potatoes)
- [Nutritional requirements of potatoes](https://eprints.nwisrl.ars.usda.gov/id/eprint/36/1/1186.pdf)
- [30 Potato Companion Plants And 8 Plants To Never Grow With Potatoes](https://www.ruralsprout.com/potato-companion-plants/)

## Spinach
- [Nutrient uptake and growth of spinach as affected by cow manure co-composted with poplar leaf litter](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s40093-017-0154-x)
- [Nutrient and Water Use of Fresh Market Spinach](https://journals.ashs.org/horttech/view/journals/horttech/23/3/article-p325.xml)

## Tomato
- [Differential nutrient uptake and its transport in tomato plants on different fertilizer regimens](https://journals.ashs.org/hortsci/view/journals/hortsci/46/8/article-p1170.xml)
- [Nutrient uptake by tomatoes grown in hydroponics](https://www.ishs.org/ishs-article/401_42)
- [Evaluation of the nutrients uptake by tomato plants in different phenological stages using an electrical conductivity technique](https://www.mdpi.com/2077-0472/11/4/292/htm)
- [Best and Worst Companion Plants for Tomatoes](https://www.thespruce.com/companion-plants-for-tomatoes-1403289)

## Cucumber
- [Soil PH for Cucumbers](https://homeguides.sfgate.com/soil-ph-cucumbers-73822.html)

## Melons
- [Melon Nutritional Summary](https://www.yara.com.au/crop-nutrition/melon/melon-nutritional-summary/) (Rincon-Sanchez et al., 1998) (Quattrucci, 2000)
- [Good & Bad Watermelon Companion Plants](https://growers-planet.com/watermelon-companion-plants/)

## Alliums
- [17 Best and Worst Companion Plants For Onions](https://backgarden.org/companion-plants-for-onions/)
- [14 Best Companion Plants For Garlic And 6 To Avoid Planting Plant Near](https://www.gardeningchores.com/garlic-companion-plants/)
- [13+ Best Chives Companion Plants (& What NOT to Plant Nearby)](https://seedsandgrain.com/chives-companion-plants/)

## Herbs
- [The 11 Best Mint Companion Plants (& What NOT to Plant Nearby)](https://seedsandgrain.com/mint-companion-plants/)
- [10 Parsley Companion Plants (What Not to Grow Near Parsley)](https://thehometome.com/parsley-companion-plants/)
- [17 Basil Companion Plants (& What NOT to Plant Nearby)](https://seedsandgrain.com/basil-companion-plants/)
- [Companion Planting Fennel](https://growing-guides.co.uk/companion-planting-fennel/)

## Flowers
- [Good & Bad Sunflower Companion Plants](https://growers-planet.com/sunflower-companion-plants/)
- [Nasturtium Companion Plants (What Not To Grow Near Nasturtiums)](https://thehometome.com/nasturtium-companion-plants/)

## Brassicas
- [21 Best Kohlrabi Companion Plants (& The Worst)](https://growers-planet.com/kohlrabi-companion-plants/)

## Peppers
- [35 Companion Plants For Peppers (& 4 Plants To Avoid)](https://www.ruralsprout.com/pepper-companion-plants/)

# Nutrient cycle
- [Understanding Soil Microbes and Nutrient Recycling](https://ohioline.osu.edu/factsheet/sag-16)
- [Autophagy, plant senescence, and nutrient recycling](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24687977/)
- [Plant nutrients in the soil](https://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/soils/soil-testing-and-analysis/plant-nutrients)
- [Indirect Measures of Plant Nutrients](https://nue.okstate.edu/indirect_measures_of_plant_nutri.htm)

## Nutrient uptake
- [Nutrient uptake and assimilation](https://ww2.odu.edu/~jrule/Biol695/pdf/3.pdf)
- [The Mineral Nutrition of Wild Plants Revisited: A Re-evaluation of Processes and Patterns](https://www.cgd.ucar.edu/events/20130729/files/Aerts-Chapin-1999.pdf)
- [Roots, growth and nutrient uptake](https://www.agry.purdue.edu/ext/pubs/AGRY-95-08.pdf)
- [Growth, yield and nutrient uptake of taro grown under upland conditions](https://www.ars.usda.gov/ARSUserFiles/60900500/images/Selected%20Reprints/Taro.pdf)
- [Nutrition & Lighting Requirements of Lettuce](https://www.purdue.edu/hla/sites/cea/wp-content/uploads/sites/15/2017/04/Nutrition-and-Light-Requirement-of-Lettuce.pdf)
- [Measurement of nutrient uptake by plants?](https://www.researchgate.net/post/Measurement_of_nutrient_uptake_by_plants)
- [Analyzing plant nutrient uptake and utilization efficiencies: comparison between crops and approaches](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11104-018-3738-y)
- [Nutrient use and uptake in Pinus taeda](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18450573/)
- [Nutrient Uptake](https://landresources.montana.edu/soilfertility/nutuptake.html)

## Immobilization
- [Nutrient uptake and immobilization in a short-rotation coppice stand of hybrid poplars in north-west France](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0378112799001450)

## Mineralization
- [Genotypic variation in maize (Zea mays) influences rates of soilorganic matter mineralization and gross nitrification](https://nph.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1111/nph.17537)

## Leaching
- [Nutrient Leaching](http://www.css.cornell.edu/faculty/lehmann/publ/Lehmann%20et%20al.,%202003,%20Leaching%20CABI%20book.pdf)
- [Soil net nitrogen mineralization and leaching under Miscanthus × giganteus and Zea mays](https://experts.illinois.edu/en/publications/soil-net-nitrogen-mineralization-and-leaching-under-miscanthusgig)
- [Nitrogen in the Environment: Leaching](https://extension.missouri.edu/publications/wq262)

## Organic nutrient production
- [Evaluation of an Organic Nitrogen Source in a Yellow Squash- Collard Rotation](https://journals.ashs.org/hortsci/view/journals/hortsci/50/1/article-p51.xml)
- [Do green beans put nitrogen back into the soil?](https://treehozz.com/do-green-beans-put-nitrogen-back-into-the-soil)
- [Introducing Nitrogen Fixing Trees: Nature’s Solution to Curing N2 Deficiency](https://www.permaculturenews.org/2015/10/20/introducing-nitrogen-fixing-trees-natures-solution-to-curing-n2-deficiency/)
- [Legume crop rotation suppressed nitrifying microbial community in a sugarcane cropping soil](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-017-17080-z)

# Tech stack
- [GeographicLib](https://www.npmjs.com/package/geographiclib)
- [Turf.js](https://turfjs.org/)
- [Neo4j spatial functions](https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/functions/spatial/)
- [GraphQL queries](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/)
- [npmlog](https://github.com/npm/npmlog)

Commit message:

Starting to add crop data for development - potato

journal/RESEARCH.md, after:

# Databases and plant science
- [Functional-structural plant modelling: a new versatile tool in crop science](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/19995824/)
- [Notes on measurement and scale design](https://www.cesarzamudio.com/uploads/1/7/9/1/17916581/zamudio_-_notes_on_measurement_and_scale_design.pdf)
- [Computational botany: advancing plant science through functional - structural plant modelling](https://academic.oup.com/aob/article/121/5/767/4975927)
- [Crop ecological requirements database (ECOCROP)](http://www.fao.org/land-water/land/land-governance/land-resources-planning-toolbox/category/details/en/c/1027491/)
- [AquaCrop publications](http://www.fao.org/aquacrop/resources/publications/en/)
- [The arabidopsis information resource (TAIR)](https://www.arabidopsis.org/)
- [The role of arabidopsis in plant science research](https://www.nsf.gov/bio/pubs/reports/arabid/chap1.htm)
- [Plant Sampling Guidelines](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Paul-Hepperly/post/Measurement_of_nutrient_uptake_by_plants/attachment/5bec2829cfe4a76455021778/AS%3A692865571254286%401542203433741/download/Plant+Sampling+Protocols.pdf)
- [Soil pH for Field Crops](http://cceonondaga.org/resources/soil-ph-for-field-crops) (Ketterings et al., 2005)
- [Analyzing plant nutrient uptake and utilization efficiencies: comparison between crops and approaches](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11104-018-3738-y)
- [NUOnet (Nutrient Use and Outcome Network) database](https://data.nal.usda.gov/dataset/nuonet-nutrient-use-and-outcome-network-database)
- [International Plant Name Index](https://www.ipni.org/)
- [Plants For A Future](https://pfaf.org/user/Default.aspx)
- [NPK nutrient uptake database](https://plantsorig.sc.egov.usda.gov/npk/main)
- [General USDA plants database](https://plants.sc.egov.usda.gov/home)
- [KEGG Metabolic Pathways Database](https://www.kegg.jp/kegg/pathway.html)
- [Plant Metabolic Pathways Databases](https://plantcyc.org)
- [Integrated Taxonomic Information System - Zea Mays](https://www.itis.gov/servlet/SingleRpt/SingleRpt?search_topic=TSN&search_value=42269#null)
- [The Plant List - All Families](http://theplantlist.org/browse/-/)

# Morphology and Growth Habit
- [Evolution of the plant body plan](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30612613/)
- [Multiple origins of the determinate growth habit in domesticated common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris)](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3503494/)
- [USDA Plants Database - Growth Habit Search](https://plants.sc.egov.usda.gov/home/growthHabitSearch)
- [Growth Habits Codes and Definitions (USDA)](https://plantsorig.sc.egov.usda.gov/growth_habits_def.html)
- [Habit Growth Form List (Australian Government)](https://www.anbg.gov.au/cpbr/herbarium/collecting/habit-types.html)

# Plant Pathology
- [Plant Disease Basics and Diagnosis](https://extension.psu.edu/plant-disease-basics-and-diagnosis)

# Nutrients and Metabolic Pathways
- [Analysis of metabolites and metabolic pathways in three maize (Zea mays L.) varieties from the same origin using GC–MS](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-020-73041-z)
- [Molecular Mechanisms of Phosphorus Metabolism and Transport during Leaf Senescence](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4844268/)
- [CornCyc 9.0 at MaizeGDB](https://corncyc-b73-v4.maizegdb.org/)
- [Coordinated Transport of Nitrate, Potassium, and Sodium](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpls.2020.00247/full)
- [Plant B vitamin pathways and their compartmentation: a guide for the perplexed](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/22915736/)

# Planting tips
- [A gardener's guide to sun exposure](https://southernlivingplants.com/planting-care/a-gardeners-guide-to-sun-exposure/)
- [Crop nutrient replacement: calculator for fertiliser requirements](https://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/horticulture/tropical/fertilising/replacement)
- [Cover crop spec guide](https://www.nrcs.usda.gov/Internet/FSE_DOCUMENTS/stelprdb1081555.pdf)
- [Growth habits and trellis requirements of climbing palms in north-eastern queensland](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/240509382_Growth_Habits_and_Trellis_Requirements_of_Climbing_Palms_Calamus_spp_in_North-Eastern_Queensland)
- [SECTION 600.TABLE B STANDARD WEIGHT PER BUSHEL FOR AGRICULTURAL COMMODITIES](https://www.ilga.gov/commission/jcar/admincode/008/00800600zz9998br.html)
- [Vegetable Crop Soil pH Tolerances](https://harvesttotable.com/vegetable-crop-soil-ph-tolerances/) (Steve Albert, 2015)
- [Sunlight requirements for growing vegetables](https://www.farmanddairy.com/top-stories/sunlight-requirements-for-growing-vegetables/250815.html)
- [Ruth Stout Method](https://www.goveganic.net/article182.html)
- [Masanobu Fukuoka](https://f-masanobu.jp/en/)
- [Plant Life Cycles](https://extension.psu.edu/plant-life-cycles)

# Companion planting
- [12 examples of companion planting](https://simplicable.com/new/companion-planting)
- [Fertilizer tree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fertilizer_tree)
- [What is companion planting?](https://www.thespruce.com/companion-planting-with-chart-5025124)
- [The ultimate companion planting guide + chart](https://waldenlabs.com/the-ultimate-companion-planting-guide-chart/)
- [Use of a systematic planting design to investigate the effects of companion crop population density on yield and forage establishment and productivity](https://cdnsciencepub.com/doi/10.4141/cjps90-105)
- [The Interworking of the Three Sisters](https://www.oneidaindiannation.com/the-interworking-of-the-three-sisters/)
- [There are 7 F's in Food Forest](https://beetrooted.wordpress.com/2012/05/16/the-7-fs-of-food-forest-2/)
- [The Seven Layers Of A Forest](https://worldwidepermaculture.com/seven-layers-forest/)
- [How to Start a Food Forest – The Ultimate Low-Maintenance Garden](https://morningchores.com/food-forest/)
- [Companion Planting: Three Sisters Garden Plans](https://www.growveg.com/guides/companion-planting-three-sisters-garden-plans/)
- [Mushroom Garden](https://northspore.com/pages/mushroom-garden)
- [COMPANION PLANTING STRAWBERRIES WITH MUSHROOMS](https://practicalselfreliance.com/companion-planting-strawberries-mushrooms)
- [Six Steps to Mushroom Farming](https://www.mushroomcouncil.com/growing-mushrooms/six-steps-to-mushroom-farming/)

# Plant studies
## Corn
- [Carbon and nitrogen cycling with corn biomass harvest](https://crops.extension.iastate.edu/encyclopedia/carbon-and-nitrogen-cycling-corn-biomass-harvest)
- [Nutrient sufficiency concepts for modern corn hybrids: impact of management practices and yield levels](https://ag.purdue.edu/agry/directory/Documents/CM-RS-13-0022_Final%20Version_4-11-2014.pdf)
- [Fertilization influence on biomass yield and nutrient uptake of sweet corn in potentially hardsetting soil under no tillage](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1186/s42269-021-00526-w)
- [Understanding nutrient requirements for high-yielding corn](https://blog.agricen.com/understanding-nutrient-requirements-for-high-corn-yield-what-does-it-mean-for-p-and-k)
- [Modern corn hybrids' nutrient uptake patterns](http://www.ipni.net/publication/bettercrops.nsf/0/926946F50406A54085257B18005BB7AA/%24FILE/page%207.pdf) (Bender et al., 2013)
- [Corn Growth Stages](https://crops.extension.iastate.edu/encyclopedia/corn-growth-stages)
- [VT Corn Growth Stages and Scouting Tips](https://www.pioneer.com/us/agronomy/corn-vt.html)
- [Corn growth stages with estimated calendar days and growing-degree units](https://mygeohub.org/resources/879/download/Corn-growth-stage-day-and-GDU-calendar10.pdf)
- [Nutrient Sufficiency Concepts for Modern Corn Hybrids: Impacts of Management Practices and Yield Levels](https://ag.purdue.edu/agry/directory/Documents/CM-RS-13-0022_Final%20Version_4-11-2014.pdf) (Ciampitti and Vyn, 2014)
- [Corn Management in High pH Soils](https://www.pioneer.com/us/agronomy/high-ph-soils-management.html) (Lutt et al., 2019)
- [What pH Does Corn Need?](https://homeguides.sfgate.com/ph-corn-need-104650.html) (Shorter, 2014)
- [Maize Nutrient Accumulation and Partitioning in Response to Plant Density and Nitrogen Rate: I. Macronutrients](https://acsess.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.2134/agronj2012.0467)
- [Effects of enhanced ammonium nitrogen availability for corn](https://www.crops.org/files/publications/jnrlse/pdfs/jnr018/018-02-0093.pdf)
- [SOIL REQUIREMENTS FOR GROWING CORN](https://www.ecofarmingdaily.com/grow-crops/grow-corn/soil-requirements)
- [12 Corn Companion Plants & 4 That Should Be Nowhere Near](https://www.ruralsprout.com/corn-companion-plants/)

## Gourds
- [Corn Stover Removal Effects On Soil Aggregation and Squash Fruit Yield in Cover Cropping Systems](https://scisoc.confex.com/scisoc/2013am/webprogram/Handout/Paper80042/Lance%20Ouellette_Poster_Presentation.pdf)
- [Squash yield, nutrient content and soil fertility parameters in response to methods of fertilizer application and rates of nitrogen fertigation](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1023/B:FRES.0000019036.64212.9c)
- [Pumpkins and Other Cultivars of Genus Cucurbita](https://www.thehenryford.org/explore/blog/pumpkins-and-other-cultivars-of-genus-cucurbita)
- [Yield, water requirement, nutrient uptake and fruit quality of zucchini squash grown in soil and closed soilless culture](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/298728928_Yield_water_requirement_nutrient_uptake_and_fruit_quality_of_zucchini_squash_grown_in_soil_and_closed_soilless_culture) (Rouphael et al., 2003)
- [Nitrogen and water use efficiency of zucchini squash for a plastic mulch bed system on a sandy soil](https://abe.ufl.edu/Faculty/carpena/files/pdf/publications/refereed_articles/NitrogenAndWaterUseEfficiency.pdf)
- [Nutrient uptake and partitioning by Zucchini squash [Cucurbita pepo], head lettuce and potato in response to nitrogen](https://agris.fao.org/agris-search/search.do?recordID=AU19960004025)
- [Phytochemical profiles and nutritional composition of squash (Cucurbita moschata D.) from Tunisia](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/338503099_Phytochemical_profiles_and_nutritional_composition_of_squash_Cucurbita_moschata_D_from_Tunisia)
- [EFFECT OF DIFFERENT FERTILIZERS ON THE MINERAL CONTENT OF PUMPKIN FRUIT](https://bibliotekanauki.pl/api/full-texts/2020/12/9/ccbd9a8b-62bb-47e4-bd6b-55726008938a.pdf)
- [Effects of poultry manure on nutrient uptake of Cucurbita moschata (duch. ex lam.) duch. ex poir](https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/Effects-of-poultry-manure-on-nutrient-uptake-of-ex-Okonwu-Mensah/8487f71f1870e4c90f8ca54183d35f80ea601fd3) (Okonwu and Mensah, 2011)
- [Effects of NPK fertilizer on nutrient uptake of Cucurbita moschata (Duch. ex Lam.) Duch. ex Poir](https://www.ajol.info/index.php/sa/article/view/156874) (Okonwu and Mensah, 2017)
- [Squash (cucurbita moschata) production](https://www.nda.agric.za/docs/Brochures/PG_Squash.pdf) (Department of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries; 2011)
- [Growing summer squash and zucchini in home gardens](https://extension.umn.edu/vegetables/growing-summer-squash-and-zucchini-home-gardens#soil-testing-and-fertilizer-340060) (Fritz and Rosen, 2018)
- [Pumpkin Production](https://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/__data/assets/pdf_file/0004/311485/Pumpkin-production.pdf) (Napier 2009)
- [Shiba Butternut Squash](https://www.rfdsafeagri.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/Butternut-Shiba.pdf) (Starke Ayres, 2019)
- [Metabolic pathways - Cucurbita maxima (winter squash)](https://www.kegg.jp/pathway/cmax01100)
- [Nutrient evaluation of the seed, pulp, flesh, and peel of spaghetti squash](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/352830278_Nutrient_evaluation_of_the_seed_pulp_flesh_and_peel_of_spaghetti_squash)
- [Squash Companion Plants (What Not to Grow Near Squash)](https://thehometome.com/squash-companion-plants/)

## Legumes
- [Nutrient Uptake and Partitioning by Dry Beans in Manitoba](https://umanitoba.ca/faculties/afs/agronomists_conf/media/Heard_drybean_nutrient_uptake-poster.pdf) (Heard and Brolley, 2008)
- [Genetic and Molecular Mechanisms Underlying Symbiotic Specificity in Legume-Rhizobium Interactions](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpls.2018.00313/full)
- [Interaction and Regulation of Carbon, Nitrogen, and Phosphorus Metabolisms in Root Nodules of Legumes](https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fpls.2018.01860/full)
- [14 Companion Plants for Beans (And 3 To Avoid)](https://traditionalgardening.com/companion-plants-for-beans/)
- [Companion Plants For Peas: (Best & Worst)](https://shinyplant.com/companion-plants-for-peas/)

## Carrot
- [Carrot Nitrogen Uptake and Partitioning](http://geisseler.ucdavis.edu/Guidelines/N_Carrot.html)
- [Seasonal nutrient partitioning and uptake in hybrid carrot seed production](https://acsess.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/agj2.20503)
- [17 Companion Plants for Carrots (And 3 To Avoid)](https://traditionalgardening.com/companion-plants-for-carrots/#4_Parsley)

## Potato
- [Crop Guide: Potato Nutritional Requirements](https://www.haifa-group.com/crop-guide/field-crops/crop-guide-potato/nutrients-growing-potatoes)
- [Nutritional requirements of potatoes](https://eprints.nwisrl.ars.usda.gov/id/eprint/36/1/1186.pdf)
- [30 Potato Companion Plants And 8 Plants To Never Grow With Potatoes](https://www.ruralsprout.com/potato-companion-plants/)
- [The influence of intercropping with Allium on some insect populations in potato (Solatium tuberosum)](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/j.1744-7348.1991.tb04859.x)

## Spinach
- [Nutrient uptake and growth of spinach as affected by cow manure co-composted with poplar leaf litter](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s40093-017-0154-x)
- [Nutrient and Water Use of Fresh Market Spinach](https://journals.ashs.org/horttech/view/journals/horttech/23/3/article-p325.xml)

## Tomato
- [Differential nutrient uptake and its transport in tomato plants on different fertilizer regimens](https://journals.ashs.org/hortsci/view/journals/hortsci/46/8/article-p1170.xml)
- [Nutrient uptake by tomatoes grown in hydroponics](https://www.ishs.org/ishs-article/401_42)
- [Evaluation of the nutrients uptake by tomato plants in different phenological stages using an electrical conductivity technique](https://www.mdpi.com/2077-0472/11/4/292/htm)
- [Best and Worst Companion Plants for Tomatoes](https://www.thespruce.com/companion-plants-for-tomatoes-1403289)

## Cucumber
- [Soil PH for Cucumbers](https://homeguides.sfgate.com/soil-ph-cucumbers-73822.html)

## Melons
- [Melon Nutritional Summary](https://www.yara.com.au/crop-nutrition/melon/melon-nutritional-summary/) (Rincon-Sanchez et al., 1998) (Quattrucci, 2000)
- [Good & Bad Watermelon Companion Plants](https://growers-planet.com/watermelon-companion-plants/)

## Alliums
- [17 Best and Worst Companion Plants For Onions](https://backgarden.org/companion-plants-for-onions/)
- [14 Best Companion Plants For Garlic And 6 To Avoid Planting Plant Near](https://www.gardeningchores.com/garlic-companion-plants/)
- [13+ Best Chives Companion Plants (& What NOT to Plant Nearby)](https://seedsandgrain.com/chives-companion-plants/)

## Herbs
- [The 11 Best Mint Companion Plants (& What NOT to Plant Nearby)](https://seedsandgrain.com/mint-companion-plants/)
- [10 Parsley Companion Plants (What Not to Grow Near Parsley)](https://thehometome.com/parsley-companion-plants/)
- [17 Basil Companion Plants (& What NOT to Plant Nearby)](https://seedsandgrain.com/basil-companion-plants/)
- [Companion Planting Fennel](https://growing-guides.co.uk/companion-planting-fennel/)

## Flowers
- [Good & Bad Sunflower Companion Plants](https://growers-planet.com/sunflower-companion-plants/)
- [Nasturtium Companion Plants (What Not To Grow Near Nasturtiums)](https://thehometome.com/nasturtium-companion-plants/)

## Brassicas
- [21 Best Kohlrabi Companion Plants (& The Worst)](https://growers-planet.com/kohlrabi-companion-plants/)

## Peppers
- [35 Companion Plants For Peppers (& 4 Plants To Avoid)](https://www.ruralsprout.com/pepper-companion-plants/)

# Nutrient cycle
- [Understanding Soil Microbes and Nutrient Recycling](https://ohioline.osu.edu/factsheet/sag-16)
- [Autophagy, plant senescence, and nutrient recycling](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24687977/)
- [Plant nutrients in the soil](https://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/soils/soil-testing-and-analysis/plant-nutrients)
- [Indirect Measures of Plant Nutrients](https://nue.okstate.edu/indirect_measures_of_plant_nutri.htm)

## Nutrient uptake
- [Nutrient uptake and assimilation](https://ww2.odu.edu/~jrule/Biol695/pdf/3.pdf)
- [The Mineral Nutrition of Wild Plants Revisited: A Re-evaluation of Processes and Patterns](https://www.cgd.ucar.edu/events/20130729/files/Aerts-Chapin-1999.pdf)
- [Roots, growth and nutrient uptake](https://www.agry.purdue.edu/ext/pubs/AGRY-95-08.pdf)
- [Growth, yield and nutrient uptake of taro grown under upland conditions](https://www.ars.usda.gov/ARSUserFiles/60900500/images/Selected%20Reprints/Taro.pdf)
- [Nutrition & Lighting Requirements of Lettuce](https://www.purdue.edu/hla/sites/cea/wp-content/uploads/sites/15/2017/04/Nutrition-and-Light-Requirement-of-Lettuce.pdf)
- [Measurement of nutrient uptake by plants?](https://www.researchgate.net/post/Measurement_of_nutrient_uptake_by_plants)
- [Analyzing plant nutrient uptake and utilization efficiencies: comparison between crops and approaches](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11104-018-3738-y)
- [Nutrient use and uptake in Pinus taeda](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18450573/)
- [Nutrient Uptake](https://landresources.montana.edu/soilfertility/nutuptake.html)

## Immobilization
- [Nutrient uptake and immobilization in a short-rotation coppice stand of hybrid poplars in north-west France](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0378112799001450)

## Mineralization
- [Genotypic variation in maize (Zea mays) influences rates of soilorganic matter mineralization and gross nitrification](https://nph.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1111/nph.17537)

## Leaching
- [Nutrient Leaching](http://www.css.cornell.edu/faculty/lehmann/publ/Lehmann%20et%20al.,%202003,%20Leaching%20CABI%20book.pdf)
- [Soil net nitrogen mineralization and leaching under Miscanthus × giganteus and Zea mays](https://experts.illinois.edu/en/publications/soil-net-nitrogen-mineralization-and-leaching-under-miscanthusgig)
- [Nitrogen in the Environment: Leaching](https://extension.missouri.edu/publications/wq262)

## Organic nutrient production
- [Evaluation of an Organic Nitrogen Source in a Yellow Squash- Collard Rotation](https://journals.ashs.org/hortsci/view/journals/hortsci/50/1/article-p51.xml)
- [Do green beans put nitrogen back into the soil?](https://treehozz.com/do-green-beans-put-nitrogen-back-into-the-soil)
- [Introducing Nitrogen Fixing Trees: Nature’s Solution to Curing N2 Deficiency](https://www.permaculturenews.org/2015/10/20/introducing-nitrogen-fixing-trees-natures-solution-to-curing-n2-deficiency/)
- [Legume crop rotation suppressed nitrifying microbial community in a sugarcane cropping soil](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-017-17080-z)

# Tech stack
- [GeographicLib](https://www.npmjs.com/package/geographiclib)
- [Turf.js](https://turfjs.org/)
- [Neo4j spatial functions](https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/functions/spatial/)
- [GraphQL queries](https://graphql.org/learn/queries/)
- [npmlog](https://github.com/npm/npmlog)
